Architecture documentation (#226)
openzim/warc2zim: docs/technical_architecture.md

# Technical architecture

## High level overview

The scraper behavior is done in two phases.

First the WARC records are iterated to compute the ZIM metadata (find main path, favicon, ...)
and detect which ZIM paths are expected to be populated (mandatory to know when we will rewrite the documents if the

> URL has been scrapped or not, since it might be customized by the end-user).

Reviewer: I think it should be reworded (customized by end-user is a detail already assuming doc reader expects domain specific).
We need to know so we only rewrite what leads into the ZIM so external links continue to be external)

"exactly what the browser sent at the HTTP level" (see https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler/issues/492 for more details).

It has been decided (by convention) that we will drop the scheme, the port, the username and password from the URL. Headers are also not
considered in this computation.

Computation of the ZIM path is hence mostly straightforward:
- decode the hostname which is puny-encoded
- decode the path and query parameter which might be url-encoded

## URL rewriting

In addition to the computation of the relative path from the current document URL to the URL to rewrite, URL rewriting also consists in
computing the proper ZIM path (with same operation as above) and properly encoding it so that the resulting URL respects
[RFC 3986](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3986). Some important stuff has to be noted in this encoding.

- since the original hostname is now part of the path, it will now be url-encoded
- since the `?` and following query parameters are also part of the path (we do not want readers to drop them like kiwix-serve would do), they are also url-encoded

> This means for instance that when rewriting `//xn--exmple-cva.com/a/resource/image.png?foo=bar` URL found in a document originally located

Reviewer: Using bullet points or table would be better here IMO

 at `https://kiwix.org/a/article/document.html`, the rewriten URL will be `../../../ex%C3%A9mple.com/a/resource/image.png%3Ffoo%3Dbar` while the
 since the corresponding resource will be stored in the ZIM at `exémple.com/a/resource/image.png?foo=bar` path, and the document at
 `kiwix.org/a/article/document.html` path.

## Different kinds of WARC records

The WARC to ZIM conversion is performed by transforming WARC records into ZIM records.

> For `response` records, the rewritten payload (no HTTP headers) is stored inside the ZIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `response` records, the rewritten payload (only, without HTTP headers) is stored inside the ZIM.
```
